[DOCS] Update absolute 2023.1 links to 2023.2, fix references to RH 8.7->8.8, fix references of python 3.6->3.7, add accurracy tuning note (#2152)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/performance_tuning.md

## Analyzing performance issues

Recommended steps to investigate achievable performance and discover bottlenecks:
1. [Launch OV benchmark app](https://docs.openvino.ai/2023.2/openvino_inference_engine_tools_benchmark_tool_README.html?highlight=benchmark)

      **Note:** It is useful to drop plugin configuration from benchmark app using `-dump_config` and then use the same plugin configuration in model loaded into OVMS

      **Note:** When launching benchmark app use `-inference_only=false`. Otherwise OV avoids setting input tensor of inference each time which is not comparable flow to OVMS.
2. [Launch OVMS benchmark client](https://docs.openvino.ai/2023.2/ovms_demo_benchmark_client.html) on the same machine as OVMS
3. [Launch OVMS benchmark client](https://docs.openvino.ai/2023.2/ovms_demo_benchmark_client.html) from remote machine
4. Measure achievable network bandwidth with tools such as [iperf](https://github.com/esnet/iperf)

## Analyzing accuracy issues

> It is recommended to compare accuracy results versus benchmark app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the target devices GPU and NVIDIA are changing by default the model execution precision from FT32 to FT16.
It is recommended to compare accuracy with the original precision.
```

Author: Changed

> 1. Launch OV benchmark app with **the same** plugin parameters as when starting OVMS container *--plugin_config*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to enforce a specific runtime precision by using a plugin config parameter `INFERENCE_PRECISION_HINT`. For example:

```

Author: Changed

> 2. Confirm that in both cases you are using the same `INFERENCE_PRECISION_HINT` parameter which by default may optimize inner layers by changing its precision.

Reviewer: `--plugin_config '{"INFERENCE_PRECISION_HINT": "f32"}'` or `--plugin_config '{"INFERENCE_PRECISION_HINT": "f16"}'`

Author: Changed
